[Music]
video you're doing really well it's been
a minute since I've been sat here I've
just got back from the Cayman Islands
it's been my birthday and my graduation
literally two days apart so it's been so
hectic and I've been meaning to do this
haul for like a week now I just haven't
got around to it but got my nails done
this morning I was like Pastore vibe
like pastel colors and they just made me
think right I need to this whole because
it's so fitting right now do you even
have released all new XL colors and I'm
just so excited
I've tried one on and I stopped myself
trying anymore on because I really fell
in love and this is what I've got on and
this is the gray mile crop XL and it's
just so nice such nice color do you
literally you know whack the nail on the
head every single damn time illiterate
they have got the color the fit so yeah
I started to share everything that I've
got with you guys also I wanted to say
thank you so much for supporting me I
hope you've got some good discount and
it really helps my relationship with the
brand - I'm gonna leave my discount link
down below I get you 10% off so yeah
definitely get onto that yeah she was
like haven't spoken to you guys for ages
man starting you're like thinking about
it like it feels like months ago and it
was only like maybe she reads go but how
I will like let me know I've let her
hear what you all been up to Mia it's
the huge pile that I haven't actually
looked him and I thought of way to do
either I vote let's start this really
caught my attention and I've seen some
gorgeous girls on Instagram who have
been sporting the white speckle a little
Dalmatian
and it's a women's seamless sculpt crop
so I'm going to show you this in a sec
on and then I also got the women's XL
white speckle legging
and the match and the sherbet orange I
think this is gonna be my favorite I
love orange that comes in the excel I
got the leggings as where the shorts
I can't wait to properly show you that
shorts just because that I something
shorts are something that I find so
difficult to get because they're either
like not high-waisted enough or they
just look a bit like clownish on me
whereas these have like that problem
with and I feel more confident not
comfortable wearing more and then we've
got pastel pink honestly guys I'm I'm
literally right now I'm at right now is
about matching away in the leggings in
the exercise shorts and and then we've
got also got the ruby red in the
leggings shorts in the XL they're 72
percent polyester and 23 percent spandex
I found XL bras so so sterling sportive
and I've done like cardio in them and I
feel like secured and stuff of that
moving with bigger this would really
really suit I reckon I love like the
thick straps that they've got here and I
really like to do even as well like
you've got the option so you can going
to like their thicker more supportive
bra and then you can always go for like
they're thinner straps and they were
just a war to with history behind me
I actually place this tree behind
because I thought it just looked a bit
plain as tonight I'm thinking oh my god
it's the trees just like growing up it
started with the gray ma XL crop ones to
the gym one that's just a test it out
and I did it's really super supportive
and he's not like I didn't just do over
at the same time you know where when you
get something that's super supportive
and it just kind of feels ugly and you
don't feel that nice and it all that
that comfortable and it's just like up
to your neck and just you know generally
you feel me whereas this is the opposite
and it's giving you a bit of a lift and
I just think it's a really nice bra I
don't go around here and then a nice
racerback with a little cutout moving on
to the great not brain well now these
are super high waisted I pull them down
as well and one thing that I've
seriously
noticed with these shorts is they giving
you like me pull you in a bit here so it
should a squat proof and sweat proof I
was drew with him the other day and
there being the wash
maintain their shape when I'm looking at
you what I always look for that as well
when I will these either day or
definitely score please couldn't see any
under what aircon was broken in my gym
so I was a hot mess
next war have we got he marked the
leggings and he'd literally feel I
haven't explained like they just feel so
comfy they're not thinking material
today is like the hyper that is a really
nice asura - I like if you get super hot
in the Giro sometimes I don't know this
is me I've never heard anyone talk about
this but you know when you're wearing
like super thick leggings in the gym
right in the summertime I just I like to
have my legs free as cool as possible um
big sigh I think I'm such a warm person
so I super full I do think excel
collection comes up slightly like an
intra so and sort of bigger than the
seamless so I probably could size down
but I personally like my leggings like a
bit more looser anyway rather than super
tight so it's fine for me I wear a size
small across all do you even and
generally Irish film as comfort women
tight especially in all the sports rows
I'm a size small I means you need an A
in clothes sure that orange set which I
am here for I am here for this how
flattering this color on I think this is
just gonna suit any skin tone that
you've got your lift and the color is
just hop in so bright and nice and I
really wanted something like this from a
holiday so this is perfect and then the
leggings I wouldn't work down underwear
I've got like khaki colored underwear
movies and you can kind of see if any
sort of like color you're always gonna
have that problem see my underwear but
nude all right Michael and or you
wouldn't have a problem and just search
for like this material is beautiful and
so no it just makes you look so tanned
runs I just come back off your holes the
shorts I can try these shorts on there
right then this set this is now a new
favorites that I think ever oh my
goodness me
sure looks like so shorts and that I can
I sort of they're not too short shorts
so like everything's not hanging out
again they've got up putting in bit this
is just such a vibe like you can write
this so it was a little white crop on
top or another top like she's paying her
so much it's gonna look so nice I like
some white Rainer duper high waisted and
a perfect just as anything like I
wouldn't necessarily wear like dark
underwear this because you are gotta be
able to see there with it being like a
lighter right color but I don't own
anything that's cool I'm nervous I had
acted well it's cut and then squat proof
what people on the era Instagram this is
gonna be man that like man you go to
guys no exaggeration here I'll just
can't cope with these clothes right now
how are they done this this is so nice
like I always think pastel color pastel
pink II kind of colors always go out of
stocks we could quick so if this is a
bit of you if you're a yoga gal or
pastel pink kind of person then get your
hands on this quick as well as a sure
orange I think they'll set like sellout
it's so quick and that's so I'm gonna
come and get in my way again but I've
just had to shoot this a bit around
because this so that was getting the
shadows and say if you want to spread
something like a bit brighter than usual
you can get this set and then like pair
of different stuff you know if you're
not feeling quite out there out that you
could put like the leggings with a black
crop a black top and then if you want to
like put jump like a a teal top you can
just do those this and like mix and
match up no camel toe at all just the
things like that shirt ones I think any
like ecology and why you're always gonna
have to like wear light underwear - I
think that's just the deal I think as
far as these go this is looking pretty
good
I've got really dark corner on something
I love this back this really gives it
makes you look super all of these like
I'm not this town right now a pastel
pink shorts which such a vibe again this
is like a super super girly outfit for a
while I couldn't find any sort of
coloured shops and turns back to and
stuff so these are this is their ruby
red now I am most
I am definitely definitely not one for
red like red just isn't I wouldn't wear
it Jim we're wise that there yeah it's
more like a pastoral kind of red if that
is a thing I do not know but I think
I've just made that up its super our
hunt I would definitely wear this I
seriously dread is never my color but
it's gonna be sewn up and especially if
you've got like any events or like if
you go to like home and yoga thingy like
a classic thing this to be nice you know
it's super motivating shorts they're all
out in the red color I like this step
why not wear them together it is very
bright and out there so I'll have to be
having Yunker real confidence day
because it's very much sort of hello I'm
here my name is Olivia I'm here you know
so I definitely I'd have to be having
one of those like yes yes yes girl you
know it's a screen kind of days
these are hundreds seriously and the
straps are so supportive and I'd be so
confident doing hit cardio you name it
nothing okay and then maybe saving the
best for last
oh these are inside aren't they these I
was thinking god these are highways did
I can say this is the speckle said and
I've got me on the ride around and again
this is like definitely not something
I'd usually go for us and this is the
new women's school cropped with the
dainty straps of which are adjustable I
probably need to loosen up a bit of that
with all of these bras like they've all
got removable pads I personally like to
keep them in I like to keep them in
because obviously you've got like a bit
of a new pond in the gym I just think it
just keeps everything covered in stuff
this shorts out in the excel which are
super nice I just thought this speckle I
really want to try it as well out
they've got the excel in the tan and the
blue and then these are definitely squat
proof and nothing
is a movement or a groove it and I think
he could mix and match like this with
black or Y or any of these clothes
actually like imagine this with the
sherbet orange so I think that would be
really cute here is the back and I think
this is nice especially if you just come
up cause everyone's been highly likely
you can show p tan in the gym super
flattering on the old peach so yeah I
think that is oh I can't wait to wear of
this like I'm growing away I'm going
away this I'm going away soon I'm going
away I'm going away to Spain I'm gonna
waiting so I caught it to wear all this
on holiday it's perfect timing with it
being summer and everything so I think
it's super fitting even the gray mark
and of go to this spot it's just super
cool and different and there's just a
loads of variety that you can mix up if
you get do let me know which was your
favorites or like let me know in the
comments which you favorite style and
also don't forget to let me know if you
also don't forget to mention if you do
use my code so that I can thank you and
but yeah I really hope you enjoyed this
video and I'll see you guys in the next
one